Change tree node action button class (#446)
iTwin/presentation: .changeset/stupid-seals-sing.md

---
"@itwin/presentation-components": patch
---

> Changed tree node action button class to allow button resizing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added custom CSS class on tree node actions buttons to allow customizing them.
```

Author: Updated.
